Fixed several links + improved the linkchecker (#2371)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/adobe-analytics/settings.md

3. Checks if the page call is associated with a `userId` from a previous `.identify()` call. If so, Segment sets the `userId` as `window.s.visitorID`.

>   **IMPORTANT**: Adobe Analytics does not support setting visitorID. If you send a timestamped call. So Segment first checks if your **Timestamp Option** is `disabled` _and_ that a `userId` exists on the event, and only then sets `window.s.visitorID`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **IMPORTANT**: Adobe Analytics doesn't support setting visitorID if you send a timestamped call. So Segment first checks if your **Timestamp Option** is `disabled` _and_ that a `userId` exists on the event, and only then sets `window.s.visitorID`.
```
